welcome ladies and jump in the pro
wrestling report Monday pwr Monday they
were closed Thursday and Friday have
been so popular met with rave reviews
that corporate is decided we're gonna
add them on the addition I so why the
hell not coming off the heels of prime
time this past Saturday night where we
looked at SummerSlam where Randy Orton
became the new WWE champion champion
after cashing in his Money in the Bank
briefcase gonna talk this week he has to
he does doesn't he you asked you know
that's the question what do the McMahons
and/or randy ortiz haven't what the
champion what do you mean are they just
gonna like put him on a pedestal and not
let them grow as an individual not give
him any like Mike time Randy Orton but
actually well you know he's Randy Orton
I'm not sure how much Mike time you need
but let's be real never think about it
what an interesting dynamic it could it
could be if Randy Orton is the face of
the company but really doesn't do
anything for the company he's a
figurehead puppet champion yes yes and
can be interesting it could be and I
think that could be a different dynamic
where eventually Randy Orton gets
frustrated you know what I mean and then
they implode from the inside because
Randy Orton wants to show the world how
great he is but they're not letting him
let's say they set up Randy Orton to
face Zack Ryder then Santino Marella
then all these safe matches for him
where he has no problem when they save
Trisha words okay and then eventually
Daniel Bryan is going out there and he's
having the best match of the night
saying he's the real champ he's the best
I don't want to say best in the world
but the best of the company eventually
Randy Orton's going to want to prove
everybody that he's better than Daniel
Bryan now if they're smart if they don't
want Daniel Bryan to be the champion
don't put him in a title match so you
can't win so eventually they can only
separate those two for so long
eventually they'll come to a head and
that match has to happen sep tember 15th
it's Night of Champions we got to start
getting there somehow or another you got
to imagine we're going to see that begin
tonight on Raw however what popped into
my head of are you were having that
where you were saying that a moment ago
Survivor Series McMahon's and the
corporation versus maybe it's all those
Daniel Bryan like guys the quote unquote
B pluses that could be fun you get it so
it would be Randy Orton in the shield
and a McMahon probably Tripoli and let's
say Triple H and then you have Daniel
Bryan Cody Rhodes boy that's how weak
the midcard is isn't it you really you
know there's not really a whole lot RVD
for fun Christian no because RVD will be
busy with Del Rio survivors absolutely
probably you know it could be fun yes I
know it won't be some Cara he can't make
any tags are we gonna see the debut of
though the always sells could be in
there they could they could put
themselves in there or a speaking of
takes injure you see the debut of los
matadores tonight I hope so really uh
you know what what were they going for
funny haha with that video i think it is
definitely a rib on somebody it has to
be you there's no way that creative
office thought of that I think they went
into the filing cabinet from 1989
sergeant Anna Santana Arriba Y and
opposes finished for the Flying Burrito
right flying forearm and the figure four
oh oh that's gotta be the finish the guy
him with the flying form and then the
other guy put some in the figure for for
the win why not bring out Tito as a
manager once in a while oh I want to see
if it's Rosa Mendes with the gimmick on
her head you're like running around the
ring is they're going olay talked about
that up right time saturday night it
still sounds a little it sounds fun
tonight it's WWE raw we'll be following
along on Twitter at pwr show and each of
us individually on Twitter as well also
on our Facebook page facebook.com slash
pro wrestling report but after raw
tonight it is pwr live then you're on
YouTube with Matt and meat head and a
fan of choice because
you get a chance to be a part of the
broadcast as well that's a result
dangerous isn't it o'clock p.m. right
after WWE raw right here on YouTube it's
been fun but doing it for months and
nobody neck can handle it uh I I have
all the faith in the world in Matthew
what are you coming back to that show
monday nights you know I got the Brock
Lesnar deal there's only X number of
dates you can use me now and I'm TV guy
for that one ladies and gentlemen this
is damien nelson and saying enjoy raw
tonight we'll see what pwr alive after
raw and then we'll be back again come
Thursday with pwr Thursday looking at
this week's impact wrestling so long
everybody
Oh